Simplify Razor bug reports. (#31033)
dotnet/aspnetcore: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/30_razor_tooling.md

-->

### Visual Studio Code

> Select the `Razor: Report a Razor Issue` command in VSCode (`ctrl + shift + p`) and follow the instructions to gather information necessary for us to investigate. Once done you can replace this content with contents that are put on your clipboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the `Razor: Report a Razor Issue` command in VSCode (<kbd>CTRL</kbd> + <kbd>SHIFT</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd>) and follow the instructions to gather information necessary for us to investigate. Paste below:

---
<Paste Content Here>
---

```

### Visual Studio Windows

You may file an issue here but please create a Visual Studio bug first and link here as it will capture all necessary logs for us to investigate further.

> How to report a problem in Visual Studio: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-report-a-problem-with-visual-studio?view=vs-2019

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to report a problem in Visual Studio: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-report-a-problem-with-visual-studio
```

so we don't have to maintain the link 😄
